It hoards inside out it goes to the kings and to the outside to the horses
how wonderful the manabita
what it cost again
had fallen
yonath the world how wonderful the youngest daughter
the collegiate will have things in place
as the network
how wonderful the list
ávila villegas
akaba bera bera
here the important thing
I'll finish the idea of ​​being able to make her laugh
the interior coria from this year
I just found out about the law
would be behind closed doors for the Cuban gallant william levy
federal
tic tac tic
Because we have
a recaredo
They will disappear
completely the arrangement in sight
was going to be in heaven from the coast the beginning
the school the culprit of the crisis alvear precipice
in the american league
here inside the barrier, the kings, and outside, the horses
what faster pavano the view
I remove May according to witnesses despite the fact that the amount of faults thing in its place
on the other hand he criticized